Docs: Add usage insights export feature (#30376)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/enterprise/usage-insights/improved-search.md

+++

> title = "Improved dashboard search"

Reviewer: The title and description sound like a release notes item rather than core documentation. An alternative title is, "Sort dashboards using insights data".

Reviewer 2: +1

Author: I made the update and tried to improve the documentation.

+++

> title = "Sort dashboards using insights data"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title = "Sort dashboards by using insights data"
```

> description = "Sort dashboards using insights data"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description = "Sort dashboards by using insights data"
```

keywords = ["grafana", "search", "sort", "enterprise"]
aliases = ["/docs/grafana/latest/enterprise/usage-insights/improved-search.md"]
weight = 400
+++

> # Sort dashboards using insights data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Sort dashboards by using insights data
```

> **Note:** Available in Grafana Enterprise v7.0+.

> In the search view, you can sort dashboards using these insights data. It helps you find unused or broken dashboards or discover most viewed ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the search view, you can sort dashboards by using insights data. Doing so helps you find unused or broken dashboards or discover those that are most viewed.
```

> The available sort options are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several sort options:
```

Use a complete sentence.

- Errors total
- Errors 30 days
- Views total
- Views 30 days

> `Errors 30 days` and `Views 30 days` are based on a calculated sorting index that puts more weight into errors and views that happened on the past day than on the ones that happened on the past 30 days.  

Author: @mjseaman I don't know if we want to mention this as we're thinking about removing these sort options but good documentation around it could be a good start to know if users are interested on this.

If we want to keep it, I'd like some help to formulate this. We use this formula: `views_last_1_days * 14 + views_last_7_days + views_last_30_days / 6`, I don't know if we can explain it in plain text or if we want to put the formula in the documentation.

> `Errors 30 days` and `Views 30 days` are based on a calculated sorting index that puts more weight into errors and views that happened on the past day than on the ones that happened on the past 30 days.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Errors 30 days` and `Views 30 days` are based on a calculated sorting index that weighs errors and views that happened within the past day more heavily than those that happened over the past 30 days.
```
